Potential change for #7883 (#8866)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/free worlds 1 start.txt

				`	"I have no idea."`
				`	"Ummm... they both involve momentous decisions that have serious consequences?"`
				`	"They both require someone skilled and decisive to be in command?"`

> 			`	"The correct answer," she says, "was, 'nothing whatsoever; they are entirely different disciplines.' Now, hurry up, I hope to be on Bourne a week from now." You consider explaining to her that it's impossible to get there that fast using a hyperdrive, but decide against it.`

Reviewer: This should have an extra tab of indentation.

Author: Wait - why does it need a tab?

Author: You now will only see `using a hyperdrive` if you have a Jump Drive.

Reviewer: It has less indentation than the other dialogue lines.

				`	"I have no idea."`
				`	"Ummm... they both involve momentous decisions that have serious consequences?"`
				`	"They both require someone skilled and decisive to be in command?"`

> 			`	"The correct answer," she says, "was, 'nothing whatsoever; they are entirely different disciplines.' Now, hurry up, I hope to be on Bourne a week from now." You consider explaining to her that hyperlanes don't allow you to go that fast, but decide against it.`
> 				accept

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"The correct answer," she says, "was, 'nothing whatsoever; they are entirely different disciplines.' Now, hurry up, I hope to be on Bourne a week from now." You consider explaining to her that it's impossible to get there that fast, even with a hyperdrive, but decide against it.`
			branch jump
				has "outfit (flagship installed): Jump Drive"
				accept
			label jump
			`	It's a good thing you have a jump drive.`
				accept
```
This gives a bit more flavor based on whether the player has a jump drive. Thoughts?

Author: If I'm reading this correctly, then if you have a Jump Drive (I also sense a capitalization discussion), it would read:
			`	"The correct answer," she says, "was, 'nothing whatsoever; they are entirely different disciplines.' Now, hurry up, I hope to be on Bourne a week from now." You consider explaining to her that it's impossible to get there that fast, even with a hyperdrive, but decide against it.`
			`	It's a good thing you have a jump drive.`

I would say `using a hyperdrive`, rather than `even with a hyperdrive`.

Reviewer 2: Looks like `jump drive` is most often/always lowercase when used in conversation (based on a couple text files I looked at), so I think we're good there.

```suggestion
			`	"The correct answer," she says, "was, 'nothing whatsoever; they are entirely different disciplines.' Now, hurry up, I hope to be on Bourne a week from now." You consider explaining to her that it's impossible to get there that fast using a hyperdrive, but decide against it.`
			branch accept
				not "outfit (flagship installed): Jump Drive"
			`	It's a good thing you have a jump drive.`
				accept
```

> 			`	"The correct answer," she says, "was, 'nothing whatsoever; they are entirely different disciplines.' Now, hurry up, I hope to be on Bourne a week from now." You consider explaining to her that it's unreasonable to get there that fast using normal hyperlanes, but decide against it.`

Reviewer: This is a good start, but if the player hasn't encountered jump drives, then they're not going to be thinking in terms of "normal" hyperlanes since they don't know there could be any other type.

Perhaps "You consider explaining to her that the hyperlanes simply don't allow you to get there that fast"?
